let's get
it doesn't matter what city are in these
days if you're talking on your phone and
operating a vehicle you're likely going
to get yourself a ticket well we've
shown you a number of different ways to
connect to your mobile phone via
bluetooth technology today we're going
to take a look at a technology that
actually you wear on your wrist it's
kind of like a Dick Tracy type solution
this is a Bluetooth device that connects
to my phone and it allows me to have
conversations via the little tiny
microphone and speaker that's built into
it it's a very simple device actually
showed it to my wife and she thought it
was something that she might even wear
well the idea is that you put it on your
wrist you can press a button here and
that will start a phone call it'll call
the last person that you've just called
or you can dial your phone to dial the
person that you want to call we're
calling lay low right now from the get
connected studio and as you can hear
it's ringing a bit here and it doesn't
sound like that she's going to pick up
so we'll get her voicemail if I just
show you a couple things here the
microphone is on the side hey Layla its
aj from get connected we're just doing a
segment on the helium bluetooth device
we thought we'd give you a phone call i
can end this phone call by simply
pressing this button and it ends that
call if a call was to come in I could
answer it by pressing that same button
as I was going to say here there's
volume on the side control goes up or
down and if I pull back this flap here
you can see that that is the way that I
charge the device because it is battery
operated I would like it if it had
something like call display in it so I
could see who is calling but simply
answer the phone have your phone call
and it's that simple
is aj victory get connected out